Upgrade4ZoomChartInstructions (#53)
tigergraph/gui-docs: modules/graphstudio/pages/zoomChart-licenseExpiry-Upgrade.adoc

> = ZoomChart License Expiry and Deprecation Upgrade Instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= GraphStudio Update Instructions for ZoomCharts Expiration Issue
```
"Expiry" is a British English word. The American equivalent is "Expiration."
In software, an "update" is for minor enhancements and bug fixes. An "upgrade" implies a significant improvement, like the user is being moved up to a higher class of service.

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.

== Overview

> TigerGraph's license to use and distribute the ZoomCharts visualization library embedded within certain versions of GraphStudio will expire *December 31, 2023*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify third party software licensing for TigerGraph Inc. and its users for the long term, TigerGraph will no longer be licensing the ZoomCharts visualization library after December 31, 2023.
This is purely a licensing issue and is not related to the functionality or performance of ZoomCharts.
```
Having worked with ZoomCharts since the beginning, I feel the need to express to our users (and indirectly to ZoomCharts) that this is a business issue, not a technical one.

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.

> New versions of the TigerGraph Suite which *does not* use ZoomCharts has been developed and was released with TigerGraph 3.9.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New versions of the TigerGraph Suite which do use ZoomCharts has been developed for the 3.6 and 3.9 versions of TigerGraph. 
TigerGraph 3.9.3 already uses the new version.
TigerGraph Cloud instances have been updated or will update before the end of 2023.

```

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.

> 

Reviewer: Omar has suggested that users should pause their systems, with something like this:
https://docs.tigergraph.com/tigergraph-server/current/installation/upgrade#_ensure_that_the_database_is_inactive

> == Upgrade GraphStudio

Reviewer: This heading doesn't seem to serve any purpose

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.

> *We encourage you to perform an  upgrade as soon as possible to take advantage of the latest features and improvements in TigerGraph Suite.*

Reviewer: It is not clear what "latest features and improvements" a 3.6 user will see, because some features depend on the database core also.
I feel we need to know more from Sam before we say anything in this regard.

Author: @samzhou2 Please answer @victorleeTG question here.

> Failure to upgrade before the expiry date may result in the display of a "License Expired" label in your graph visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failure to upgrade before the expiration date may result in the display of a "License Expired" label in your graph visualizations.
```

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.

> NOTE: No other features will be affected and this upgrade will not affect production use or result in any downtime for the upgrading system.

Reviewer 2: I'm double-checking if we need to restart any service (i.e. GUI) after the new bins are applied

cc @samzhou2

Reviewer 3: @OmarAyo1 @JosephNewmanTG  No restart will be needed, it's a hot upgrade.

> NOTE: No other features will be affected and this upgrade will not affect production use or result in any downtime for the upgrading system.

Reviewer: It's hard to believe that the "no downtime" is strictly true.  If someone is using GraphStudio during the update, won't they be impacted?  We need Sam to explain the strict facts about such impact, then we can wordsmith it.

Author: @samzhou2 Please can you answer @victorleeTG question here.

If you have any questions or require assistance during the upgrade process, please don't hesitate to reach out to our support team at support@tigergraph.com. We are here to help you.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

== Update Instructions

```
Here is where the heading belongs.

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.

Please follow the steps below based on your current database version.

== Database Version 3.6.2, 3.6.3, or 3.6.4

> . Login to your TigerGraph instance's backend and change the current user to "tigergraph_system_user" (e.g., `sudo su tigergraph`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Login to your TigerGraph instance's backend server and change the current user to "tigergraph_system_user" (e.g., `sudo su tigergraph`).
```

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.

> . Download the provided package to your database server and make sure under the TigerGraph installed path (e.g., `/home/tigergraph`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Download the following package to your database server to the root folder of the TigerGraph installation (???) (e.g., `/home/tigergraph`).
```
This sentence has a typo, and I'm not 100% sure what the author meant to say.
Does the file need to be downloaded to /home/tigergraph?

Author: @samzhou2 can you clarify the instructions here in regards to @victorleeTG question?

Reviewer 3: Yes, the file needs to be downloaded to /home/tigergraph folder

Author: Will update this with next commit.

+
[console, ]
----
curl -O https://tools-patch.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/gst_363/gst-upgrade.tar.gz
----
or
+
[console, ]
----
wget https://tools-patch.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/gst_363/gst-upgrade.tar.gz
----

> . Verify the hash code and integrity of your downloaded files to match the checksum: `7a0aa398182d1fe0156e49844a6a209c`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the MD5 checksum of your downloaded package matches the following hash code:
`7a0aa398182d1fe0156e49844a6a209c`
```

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.

+
[console, ]
----
md5sum gst-upgrade.tar.gz
----
. Unzip the package to reveal the upgrade script.
+
[console, ]
----
tar -xvf gst-upgrade.tar.gz
----
. Run the upgrade script using the following command
+
[console, ]
----

> bash upgrade.sh

Reviewer 2: please add an outcome of this command so users can know what they expect to see

Author: @samzhou2 can you please provide me with the output message for a successful upgrade?

Reviewer 3: cc @yuling-liu

Author: @yuling-liu can you provide me the output message of a successful upgrade?

Author: @yuling-liu @samzhou2 

I ran the code in my remote instance. is this the right output the user should see:

"""
[tigergraph@joseph-newman-bot-20231212070342-0 tigergraph]$ bash upgrade.sh
The file tools-all.tar.gz exists in the current path.
The current user is tigergraph, start upgrade the tools ...

### Connecting to local  server 127.0.0.1 ...

### Connecting to local  server 127.0.0.1 ...
the tools already update successful, but you should clear the backup files manually after confirmed the result ...
"""

Author: Thank you added with last commit.

----

> == Database Version 3.9.0, 3.9.1, or 3.9.2

Reviewer: Do rewordings analogous to the 3.6 ones.

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.

. Login to your TigerGraph instance's backend and change the current user to "tigergraph_system_user" (e.g., `sudo su tigergraph`).

> . Download the provided package to your database server and make sure it is under the TigerGraph installed path (e.g., `/home/tigergraph`).

Reviewer 2: we need to make sure that the tigergraph user has read and write permission on this package

Author: @OmarAyo1 is this a check that the user needs to perform? I guess I am not 100% on what "tigergraph_system_user" is exactly.

Author: Thank you. Added with last commit

+
[console, ]
----
curl -O https://app-tools-information.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/3.9.x/tools-all-signed-1.0.3806.0.tar.gz
----
or
+
[console, ]
----
wget https://app-tools-information.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/3.9.x/tools-all-signed-1.0.3806.0.tar.gz
----
. Verify the hash code and integrity of your downloaded files to match the checksum: `b68cc810562921d20621c4af96fe2615`
+
[console, ]
----
md5sum tools-all-signed-1.0.3806.0.tar.gz
----
. Unzip the package to reveal the upgrade script.
+
[console, ]
----
tar -xvf tools-all-signed-1.0.3806.0.tar.gz
----
. Run the upgrade script using the following command:
+
[console, ]
----

> bash upgrade.sh

Reviewer 2: same as comment in line 49

Author: @samzhou2 would all output message look the same for each version? If not, can you please include the output message for this one as well.

Author: Thank you added with last commit.

----

> == Database Version 3.9.3

Reviewer: I'm confused.  I thought it said above that 3.9.3 already contains the update. Is that wrong? What is this section for?

Reviewer 3: for 3.9.3, users will be able to use the UI to upgrade, instead of manual upgrade
